good morning good evening and good day
this is your host and producer Roy
Hollywood welcoming you to something's
happening and our engineer is Diane
Schmidt we have as of March 11th 1992
live in-studio guests mark lane who is
originally known as the author of the
best-selling book rushed to judgment the
first the first book to come out that
that criticized the Warren Commission
report and was a best-seller in the 60s
his latest book not his second or third
or fourth but his latest book is the
plausible denial was the CIA involved in
the assassination of JFK and also we
have Steve Jaffe who is cohort of former
investigator for Jim Garrison and photo
analyst photo analysts would Ferguson
yeah lots of work to do in this case I
when I first got my notice that
plausible denial was out I was wondering
why are they sending this to KPFK I
expect that you know Mark Lane is
material for Oprah and Donahue and
Geraldo and what then was fighting to
have me on and I just didn't know which
one to choose I've almost been on no
national programs no publisher in
America would publish plausible denial
finally thunders mouth press agreed to
do it and I mean every major I've
represented by a really terrific
agent Scott Meredith they were the best
literary agent in the history of America
he sent it after every single publish in
America if you want to know who refused
to publish this book every publisher in
America every Simon sister which of
course is Gulf Western and all the rest
of them and thunders mouth did it it's a
break for impression for them they
published for example the two volumes
reprint of Langston Hughes autobiography
that kind of work and that he decided to
do this and I thought they're gonna
print about 5,000 copies but there's a
terrific guy in San Francisco Charlie
Wynton publishers group West the
distributor who played a major part in a
lot of books on Kennedy assassination
being published by smaller publishers he
said no we can distribute more than that
so they printed 45,000 it came out the
first week of November publication date
was November 22nd there was no radio
advertising no TV advertising a single
show nothing in the newspapers just the
books in the store and they all sold out
45,000 before November 22nd before
publication date now it's a quarter of a
million the book is gone all the way up
to the number four in The New York Times
bestseller list they've allowed it on
the list
well they didn't for a long time
actually we were you know hutzpah by
Dershowitz
was number 15 in America on the New York
Times list we watched that because that
was number 15 and then it dropped off
the list and the next week it was back
on the list and we checked our records
against his we outsold his book by three
to one and the chains to the one in the
independence and his book moved on and
ours didn't I did a radio program in New
York and said you know the New York
Times always talks about the mystique as
to how they put that list together when
we filed our lawsuit the mystique will
disappear as we take our depositions and
find out how that's done and the next
week I was number 7 and then 6th and 5
and 4 and so were New York Times is very
responsive to threats and extortion and
then we are on the list now now that's
now I think that's going to be the ninth
week now but it's slipping down
everybody go out and buy one put it back
I have brought the list ok thunders
mouth press right did it and I was I'm
not a real close follower of the news
but I was really astounded by the
information in this book I figured it
would be sort of a review and a recap
and recap of the review and this is
tremendous amounts of new information
and sworn information and court record
information that just blows the case out
of the water really does
and no wonder it's being ignored yeah
it's too serious for the news media to
deal with obviously what it is of course
is a trial a man named Victor Marchetti
the highest ranking official the CIA to
leave the organization and write a book
which was critical of it he's I'm sure
he's been uh pacifica million times over
the years it uncovered a document which
indicated that he Howard hunt Watergate
Burgas CIA officer and the CIA itself
had been involved in killing John
Kennedy and then he wrote the piece now
the New York Times did not publish it
no one published it but a conservative
right-wing publication called spotlight
published it spotlight had no real
interest in the Kennedy assassination in
1978 they had never written a single
word on the subject but they knew Victor
Marchetti to be man who was responsible
he thought it was an efficient story
which he had written and they published
it and then E Howard hunt sued he went
he got a lawyer named Ellis Rubin I
think everybody knows who Ellis Rubin is
a somewhat flamboyant lawyer in Miami
people have said about Ellis Rubin that
if you want to hide it from Ellis Rubin
put it in a law book but I would never
say I would never say anything like that
about Ellis and he represented Hunt and
tried the case and they asked the
Liberty Lobby to back down and admit it
was wrong and they did not back down
spotlight and those Carter did not back
down they said you know we're gonna try
this case and at the trial they got a
local lawyer and they said there's a
lack of actual malice we don't have to
defend this on the merits there's no
actual malice hunt testified at the
trial he's I was not involved in this at
all I'd even know what's taking place I
didn't know about it it's the years
later that it had taken place hunt
however I read the transcript since hunt
said when this newspaper was published
and he picked it up he showed it to the
jury brandished it in front of them when
this newspaper was published and it said
that I killed John Kennedy my three
children came to me they were all
adolescents at the time of the
assassination they were all now grown
one was a lawyer and one was married to
lawyer all three member adults and they
said dad did you kill the president Don
said I denied it but I could not
dissuade my children because they
the spotlight now the first thing I
think one has to wonder about is mr.
hunts relationship with his three
children why they would believe the
spotlight paper that had never read
before over the assertions of their own
father that he had killed the president
the spotlight said and he denied it in
any event he finally said he'd had to
try to prove to them that it wasn't true
they said it wouldn't be a newspaper dad
if it wasn't true in any event as he was
telling us tears began to well up in his
eyes he start to cry and the jurors
started to cry and the judge started to
cry when the defense lawyers start to
cry everyone knew it was all over and
the jury awarded Mr Hunt six hundred and
fifty thousand dollars perhaps a trifle
extravagant for his reputation just come
out it just had come out of jail for
betraying the interests of the American
people as a Watergate burglar trying to
subvert our system of justice and any
event that was that but Mr Rubin as I
say a brilliant scholar his lawyer had
told the judge that this is the way to
instruct the jury about what these
standards are on the judge followed his
advice and it was all wrong and so the
United States Court of Appeals sent it
back for a new trial this judgment
against the Liberty Lobby had gotten the
attention of the people at spotlight in
Liberty Lobby mr. Carter mr. Marchetti
and they asked me if I would represent
them at the next trial and I said not on
the basis of lack of actual malice if
you want to go into a struggle to I can
prove I think to the satisfaction of a
fair jury the CIA killed John Kennedy
will you give me the brief and let me do
that they said yes and for the next two
next year and a half I took depositions
from everybody who's made our lives a
delight for a couple of decades he
Howard hunt G gordon Liddy Richard Helms
all honorable men all high employees of
the government
well criminals who betrayed the
interests of the government all
convicted of one crime or another and
then we were ready for trial and mr.
hunt testified any one of the
depositions when you take a deposition
they have to tell you the truth or they
become they're guilty of perjury well
they're supposed to tell the truth
everybody who's under oath is supposed
to tell the truth this is like a trial
it's part of the trial process and in
the book I he described
how all of these things work and some
detail but a thumbnail sketch now a
deposition is you have jurisdiction over
a persons within a hundred miles of the
federal court if the beyond that you
can't force them to come but you can
reach out wherever they are in America
even out of America and get an order
from a court saying they have to answer
questions you go to where they are and
the other lawyer is there and the court
reporter is there and as the person is
sworn in and as you say if they lie they
can be prosecuted for perjury and a
record transcript is made of every
question and answer and we did all up
with David Phillips for example who
modestly proclaimed that he ran the
Western Hemisphere for the CIA for 25
years a lot of people lived here didn't
know that at that time till mr. Phillips
told us what he was doing with our lives
that was all over them the trial began
and mr. hunt testified he was terrific
on direct examination
everybody is terrific on direct
examination then came across and I said
where were you November 22nd 1963 and
mr. hunt said I was in Chinatown in
Washington DC
my wife is buying Chinese food in a
grocery store I heard in the car on the
radio that John Kennedy had been killed
I've been shot I went back I picked up
my three children and my wife we stayed
in our family room in the shadows of
Langley the CIA headquarters and we
stayed there for 48 hours and he said no
I must correct myself I was there for 72
hours never left the room with his
children with the three children right
and I said did you eat yes we spent sent
out for pizza and fried chicken if you
go then there's a bathroom right there
but we were together the whole time 72
hours I said you remember your testimony
at the first trial he said I did testify
I said oh yeah
you testified and you said that your
children came to you with the newspaper
some years later and said dad did you
kill the president were you down there
in Dallas at that time and mr. hunt you
said they were with you during this
unforgettable experience of the 72 hours
eating fried chicken and pizza and
watching the
news about the death of the President
why didn't you kids say dad were your
alibi witnesses we know this is a lie
why do they say you must have been there
well I think he realized it was a
problem and he didn't know how to answer
there's a long pause he looked at his
lawyers but they were hiding under their
table at that point then he looked at
the jury they would look like I'm in
charge of the barricades and get him
then he looked at me he got very little
comfort for me looked down at his feet
then he finally said yes I had to remind
my children they were my alibi witnesses
at that point it seemed to me that the
case was over for mr. hunt but our case
had just begun and I said to my clients
let's forget about defending this
defamation case let's let's prosecute a
criminal case let's prove the CIA killed
John Kennedy and we put on the testimony
of Marita Lorenz who had been employed
by the CIA to murder Fidel Castro then
worked for the CIA she testified for
years with he Howard hunt and Frank
Sturgis getting weapons in the United
States having them navigated down to
anti-castro forces in Cuba then she said
in November 1963 mr. Sturgis came to her
and said Marita this is the big one and
it was a two-car Caravan that drove from
Miami to Dallas Texas she gave the names
of the people in the cars
Jerry Patrick hemming the novus brothers
and all those brothers who later were
convicted in complicity regarding the
murder of orlando letelier's in
washington DC jerry Patrick can mean a
group of these people all with their
weapons drove from Miami to Dallas when
they got to Dallas they met Howard hunt
was the paymaster the operation Frank
Sturgis II said was the field commander
who led the troops there
she was drew from the operation but
later she said Sturgis came to her and
said Marita you missed the big one we
killed Kennedy it was a CIA hit etc went
to all the details that was her
testimony and it was subjected to
cross-examination jurors listened and
they believed that what she said was
true I believe that that's so because
that's what they came out and said later
when the trial was all over we won the
case there was a two-week trial much
more evidence was submitted of course
than that which I
touched upon here and the jury heard all
they were both chosen by both sides as
being impartial it's the first time the
rule of law was applied to the facts
surrounding the assassination of John
Kennedy a federal judge determined what
was relevant both sides presented all
the evidence and had a chance to correct
examine the witnesses and when it was
all over and we won unanimously the
jurors came out and the press surrounded
the forewoman of the jury Leslie
Armstrong and said why do you reach the
conclusion you did and she said we're
now convinced the CIA killed President
Kennedy we were impartial when we were
chosen
mr. Lane said at the beginning he was
going to show us evidence which
implicated the CIA and the assassination
frankly I thought we would never be able
to be convinced that our own government
killed the president we've heard the
evidence for a privileged group of
Americans unlike the rest of America
we heard the evidence a judge said it
was relevant that's what we could hear
it was all presented by both sides and
was also objected to cross-examination
we are now convinced the CIA killed
President Kennedy you did not read that
in your local newspaper because it was
not covered and that's part of the the
trial that's all of the trial and a lot
of other material is the subject of the
book plausible denial which tells what
took place now just recently Steve Jaffe
and John barber here in Los Angeles
located the telephone number of Gerry
Patrick hemming who Morita said was in
the two-car Caravan and went from Miami
to Johnson I called him of course he
didn't have to talk to me so I thought
he might hang up I said this Gerry
Patrick Hemi and he said yes I said this
is marek Lane he said hi mark how you
doing I said I guess you didn't read my
book he said I read your book I read it
I said what do you think he said I liked
it a lot I said well Gerry did you like
the part when Morita said that there was
a two-car Caravan you were in it you
guys went to Dallas and kill John
Kennedy he said she was a little bit
wrong about that I said in what way he
said he's Jerry thought-form and he said
it was a three-car Caravan
I said well you in and he said I know
about it I'm not saying I was in and I
wasn't in it but I know about it I said
you know anything else about the Kennedy
assassination he said yes guy Bannister
special agent charge the FBI in Chicago
later
retired what normals would work for the
CIA he said guy Bannister offered me a
contract in September of 1962 to kill
John Kennedy on behalf of the CIA and I
said if there were a special prosecutor
said yes if there were one I go come
forward I would testify I would make
that known it's time the American people
learned everything that happened that
day what we need now is a special
prosecutor I'm not sure George Bush is
going to rush out an appointment for us
but we need a special prosecutor I know
Oliver Stone believes that we have to
free the JFK files as he says he thinks
of 250 million Americans start looking
to the papers we're gonna solve this
crime I've been saying since day one for
28 years
when all of the stone was wearing short
pants and was in elementary school I've
been saying nothing should be suppressed
all of the evidence should be made
available but freeing the files is just
the first step it's not the last step we
must force the government to appoint a
special prosecutor if that process took
place tonight by the end of this year
the people who killed John F Kennedy
would be indicted and prosecuted and
probably convicted because the evidence
is there a lot of it is there in
plausible denial and there's a lot of
additional information if you got Jerry
Patrick hemming Marita Lorenz Frank
Sturgis ie Howerton to start out with
and presented them to the grand jury we
would learn a lot about how the
president was killed and why he was
killed but if we appointed a special
prosecutor I'm thinking of the way the
the house assassination subcommittee was
was castrated and and right we waylaid
they'd say okay well we can appoint a
special prosecutor Arlen Specter or
something like that it would be good
yeah another big investigation well we
have to know who's gonna be appointed
the first general counsel the House
Select Committee on assassinations was
Dick Sprague of Philadelphia I have
absolute faith in him he should be
appoint a special prosecutor he was
fired because he said he wanted to get
the files of the FBI and the CIA and
they brought in G Robert Blakey to cover
up the investigation to close down the
investigation
the facts we don't want G Robert Blakey
it's true we have to watch this thing
very very carefully you have to have our
own candidates so we have to make sure
some of this done in a public way but
the above wall is done by someone who we
trust I trust spray there aren't too
many other lawyers acquainted with the
material who I do trust but you're quite
right that it can be lost even if a
special prosecutors appointed if it's
not a person of integrity but we have to
insist on that as well well it's a
matter of power because the raw raw
naked power because at the time of the
House Select Committee in the seventies
even though the liberal Congress people
were cowed and especially the liberal
Congress be working especially I think
so I think that's the big problem I
think we have to understand who the
Liberals are and what they've done have
they liberals I've always found the
biggest problem we have had on the
Kennedy assassination is with liberals
it was the nation which refused to touch
this it's a nation now which has run a
meeting it at town hall first so they're
running articles saying in ads in
essence endorsee the Warren Commission
finally now that they've taken a
position further than that they have a
meeting at Town Hall they invited me to
speak all of us don't was invited all of
us to and said I'm not going to come if
Mark Lane is there so the nation and
true McCarthy I'd fashioned said okay
mr. stone you can establish a blacklist
we will not let Mark Lane speak then we
have in these times leading the campaign
to prevent an investigation the
assassination of President Kennedy and
the only abuse I have personally had
since November of 1991 since I've been
discussing this book has come on to
pacifica radio programs and and these
are the Liberals and this is a problem
and something has to be done about this
we have to understand that what we are
talking about are not parochial concerns
they blew off the head of the President
of the United States we elected him
whether it was good better and different
I know there was no Camelot but no
there's making a difference we elected
the president if the people in Langley
Virginia can blow off the head of the
president we have to understand that the
experiment we go through every four
years where we say this is a democracy
this is what makes us different from
everybody
or some many other folks because we have
these elections those differences are
pretense if we allow the government to
blow off the head of the president and
we do nothing about it for 28 years and
in my view and I have all the CIA
documents saying don't let Mark Lane
talk about this when he gets on the air
radio TV talk about his politics and I
found that's what they did in the old
days mark Lane is too far to the left
and now when we try it again we find
people on the left liberals taking the
advice of the Central Intelligence
Agency and saying Oh Liberty Lobby is a
right-wing organization and mark lanes
representing a right-wing organization
let's talk about that instead of the
death of the president I'm sick to death
of that and I'm not doing that anymore I
will not be distracted by Central
Intelligence Agency directives or anyone
dumb enough to follow it and
inadvertently
or purposefully I will talk about the
death of John F Kennedy and that's what
I think the American people are
interested in hearing about and that's
what I think we have to focus on and not
be distracted from well I'm interested
in in this right-left reaction now
you've been on ray bream who's on
opposite this program yes sort of right
and he treated in he's serious about
this subject I've been on that program
more than once and he has discussed the
facts in this matter but everybody
remembers Bob Grant from out here he's
in New York I've been on his show he's
got a major show in New York City and he
has had a thoroughly responsible
discussion of the facts regarding the
Kennedy I just did Tom Schneider show
tonight in that work show very
responsible focusing on these questions
the distractions have come from people
in these times the Nation magazine and
some of the listeners and the guy in
Pacifica and in San Francisco a couple
of days old fill me up a yeah Phil
Midori all he wants to talk about why
are you an apologist for a Liberty Lobby
because I represented them when they
were charged with this
I wish Pacifica had published the story
by mr. Marchetti and Ann which would
persist
I had been sued by E Howard hunt and I
would have represented Pacific if they
ask me Pacific I didn't have the courage
or they wouldn't ask or weren't asked I
don't know what happened but it was
spotlight that did it and I say thank
goodness somebody did it before that
back in 1964 it was the National
Guardian and I represented them and I
wrote my article and they published the
the document and then I was accused of
being too far it to the left you know an
interesting thing I've represented
people all around this country people
charged with murder no one has ever said
to me
how dare you represent someone charged
with murder but if you represent someone
whose political views you are
particularly intolerant of then they say
how dare you represent someone even in
defamation case which has nothing to do
with the politics of the organization
how dare you represent that that
organization in any event I've dwelled
I've been dwelling on this too much
myself and I'd rather now talk about the
facts surrounding the death of John
Kennedy that's a matter on the agenda it
is walking in the footsteps this
situation walking in the footsteps of
Clarence Darrow who despite what they've
said about Clarence Thomas Clarence
Darrow was one of the great legal minds
of the 20th century and he was put in
the position of being hated by everybody
in America for for representing rich
rich killers yeah well that's true
Leopold and Loeb but I'm not
representing rich killers I'm
representing the right of a publication
to print the truth and not be put about
out of business by the Central
Intelligence Agency because it proves in
publications that the CIA killed John
Kennedy and we have a responsibility I
think to see to it that that when that
statement is made no matter who makes it
well the truth is presented on the
regarding the death of John Kennedy that
the truth has been given an opportunity
to get a fair chance in court and that's
what I did there is no case there are
very few cases that I've taken over the
years
that have given me more joy and
satisfaction than winning the case
against the Howard hutch
a little while ago I represented a man
named James Richardson who had been
charged with murder and his seven
children in Florida I don't remember
anybody saying how do you represent a
murder actually won the case and the man
had been in prison for 21 years and we
proved to the state that he'd been
falsely in prison and he was released
but prior to the time that happened I
don't recall anybody saying to me how
dare you represent a man who killed his
children actually he hadn't killed the
children but the charge had been made
against him and I think it's time now
that we began to focus again as everyone
else in the country is we have on the
questions of the death of John Kennedy
we have for example time and CNN to a
surveyed shows that 75% of the American
people believed there was a conspiracy
to kill President Kennedy we have
evidence now according to them that half
of the American people believe the CIA
killed President Kennedy this is a this
is a remarkable situation when this
number of Americans one out of two
Americans believe our own police
organization killed our president this
provides an opportunity for us to work
politically mobilize folks who take that
position make it clear that this
position has to be brought to bear on
every candidate for the presidency and
for every office we need pledges as to
what's going to be done about this this
gives us grounds to mobilize together
not against each other but to mobilize
together to see to it that something is
done with this really remarkable
political situations that some of us
have worked for 28 years now to bring
about okay well this is 1992 we have a
diminishing armload of presidential
candidates running against George Bush
and George Bush did you discuss in your
book as a matter of fact toward the end
and his connections to the CIA in the
early 1960s yeah when he was a point to
director in 1976 in essence he said to
the Senate on her oath read my lips I
never worked for the CIA before this
moment but the evidence shows that he
was working for the CIA back in nineteen
63 so says a memoranda by jaga Hoover
dated November 29th 1963 saying that mr.
George Bush of the Central Intelligence
Agency was briefed by the FBI mr.
Forsythe the day after the Kennedy
assassination about the Kennedy
assassination now we're not talking
about some secretary lying about his or
her resume
about some small thing about how many
words he can type a minute we're talking
about the resume of a man who became
president of the United States a man who
apparently has been in deep cover in
covert intelligence work for many many
years and never has revealed that the
American people I'm a hell of a lot more
concerned about that I am about what
Gary Hart does with his nights but that
was brought out that that was George
William Bush not George Herbert Walker
well that's what the CIA said the George
William Bush said I was a low I work for
the Social Security Administration most
the time i was for six months an
employee of the CIA doing low-level file
work filing some photographs I was never
briefed by mr. Forsythe
I was never briefed about the Kennedy
assassination I was never briefed with
the defense intelligence agency and an
interdepartmental briefing it was
absolutely not me that leaves George
Herbert Walker Bush but there's more
about mr. Bush mr. Bush left New Haven
it formed a company called Zapata that
was his lucky codename it's a pot of
petroleum in Midland Texas sold his
interest when they made a lot of money
millions opened new company called
Zapata offshore petroleum in Houston
when he was married to Barbara and they
had helicopter pads all over Latin
America Colombia the Far East what they
were doing is not quite clear but it was
a pot to offshore petroleum Fletcher
Prouty who was mr. X and JFK film played
by Donald Sutherland who wrote the
introduction to plausible denial as well
was a colonel in the Air Force he
provided weapons of war for the CIA at
the time was ordered by the CIA to
provide two ships to invade Cuba at the
Bay of Pigs and he provided them got him
from the Naval facility in the
Chesapeake Naval facility near
Washington DC they were sent down to
Elizabeth City North Carolina
to what looked like at that time an
abandoned naval base the colors were
painted off and you know the name of the
top secret top secret codename for the
Bay of Pigs invasion at that time known
only to the Joint Chiefs and few others
operation
Zapata and the names of the two ships
Barbera and used the only two ships
which invaded Cuba at the Bay of Pigs
mr. Bush can say what he wants but I
think there's some evidence which has to
be explained yes
who among the opposing presidential
candidates is like is interested in this
subject I don't think anybody's asked
them yet but I think it's time I would
think that Jerry Brown would be a
candidate I would like to think that
Buchanan would raise this question but I
think that Buchanan who poses as an
enemy of the establishment is a lot more
part of the establishment perhaps but I
hope I'm wrong about that and maybe he
will raise this question as well but I
think what we have to do is ask them all
raise this question
take the pledge if I'm elected I will
appoint a special prosecutor gonna be
Richard Sprague with someone like that
and that the evidence will finally be
presented to a jury this is the rule of
law that's how our country functions
that's how Watergate was broken they
took these guys like hunt and threw up
against the wall literally or
figuratively as I tell the truth you go
to jail and they tell the truth and
that's how the stood it was broken
that's how iran-contra was broken judge
walls came in not congressional hearings
and not lectures and not talks but judge
walls came in was a special prosecutor
and people confessed and others were
indicted and people were convicted not
enough and they didn't go to jail long
enough but at least we got some of the
truth as a result of the special
prosecutor being appointed that's the
way the law is supposed to work in the
country what is the government done
about the death of John Kennedy nobody
even has been given a ticket for
murdering John Kennedy that the
government has been silent and mr. Bush
and commenting upon the deep feeling in
this country in which three-quarters of
the people this nation's say they are
convinced it was a conspiracy in which
99% of the American people say we want
all the files released we want something
done
which says well listen some people think
Elvis Presley is still alive he can't
trivialize our deep concerns mr. Bush
and you can't joke about the death of
your predecessor it's worse than just in
bad taste but more than that he went on
to say and when I was director of the
CIA I was so confident that the Warren
Commission was correct that I never
looked at any CIA files about the death
of John Kennedy that is a bold-faced lie
under the Freedom of Information Act I
have documents which go back to 1976
when Bush was director of the CIA in
which Bush ordered studies made of the
vulnerability of the CIA regarded the
death of John Kennedy in various areas
he ordered the studies himself he looked
at the files and he ordered the studies
and it's about time someone called them
to account for lying to us it wasn't
just about taxes lying to us about
really important matters which still
around the agenda for America now it's
news to some to a lot of people and
somewhat disappointing that there seems
to be a disagreement between you and
Oliver Stone because well Oliver Stone
is you know was in knee pants at the
time of the assassination and you were
writing the book the fact that he
brought a movie out and then the movie
was a success galvanized public interest
in this subject I just particular time I
salute all of a stone for helping to put
this matter on the agenda I think it was
indecent of him to mix fact and fiction
so that people going to that film who
are not scholars in the area come out
and don't know what's true and don't
know what's not true I was Jim
Garrison's advisor during the entire
investigation of David Ferrie Clay Shaw
and during the entire clay short trial
Jim Garrett is a very dear friend of
mine when I was married a few years ago
we went down to the chambers of the
Court of Appeals Jim Garrison's chambers
in New Orleans and my wife and I were
married
by Jim Garrison he was the only person
who's not a member of our family who was
at our wedding dinner and Antoine's I'm
very close to Jim Garrison but it is not
appropriate to try to make Garrison
bigger than life by proving to the
American people in that film that clay
show was guilty after clay show was
acquitted and then died and it is
indecent to try to prove that he was
guilty by lying to the people about what
the record is let me give you an example
of the worst thing in that film from my
viewpoint those who saw the film will
never forget I think the sea-change
scene when the officer the actor playing
David Ferrie has a nervous breakdown in
the Fountainbleu Hotel and says I killed
him I plotted it and clay Shore plotted
with me and if that's not enough all of
the stone gives us flashbacks well you
see the actors actually plotting it so
now you know they've really potted it
it's all made up it's all made up and
you could end it the film's essentially
based upon Jim Garrison's book read it
on the trail of the assassins he says I
called in David Ferrie Kym garrison says
we questioned him he denied any
complicity then he felt called the
office but we decided to let him sweat
it out because we realized he was
deteriorating we're gonna give him a
couple of weeks and then Coleman but he
died and we never talked to him again
so when you make up a scene where the
man confesses implicates Clay Shaw and
then you go to the trouble of having
flashbacks where he can actually see the
people plotting and it's all a lie it's
a disservice to truth that mr. stone
excuses us by saying that modestly
stating that he liked Shakespeare as a
fictionalized history a bit well it's
true Shakespeare fictionalized history
more than a bit but everyone knew what
the historical record was and that
Shakespeare was utilizing that for his
plays these issues were then not in
doubt they were settled who killed John
Kennedy the role of the United States
government for that murder is still a
question in doubt
nothing's been resolved yet although
there's a lot of evidence on that and
you cannot take an issue which is in
controversy and make up evidence and
commingled with real evidence in an
effort to confuse people just so that
the hollywood-style the bad guys have
the black hats and the good guys have
the white hats and everything is
oversimplified that's what mr. stone did
I salute him for putting the matter on
the agenda but I do think he has to be
criticized for mixing fact and fiction
in such a even using black and white on
occasion new scenes to make it look like
old scenes I almost forgive having
Fletcher Prouty mr. X come in and give
advice to Jim Garrison during the trial
in 1968 when actually proud and Garrison
met for the first time in 1989 and he
never gave them the advice I almost can
forgive that I was a little difficult I
think to deal with some of the ludicrous
aspects of film Donald Sutherland as mr.
X says to Jim Garrison played by Koster
I can't tell you who I am that this has
to be secret but you call me mr. X and
then gives enough background information
so you can look them up in the phone
book but how he was sent down to the
South Pole by General Lansdale and all
this background you knew who he was in a
minute if you had looked into this
matter at all those little Christa's of
course nobody got who wasn't familiar
with the facts I Corps had no logical
understanding of what was taking place
but I cannot forgive what stone did -
quite sure who may well have been guilty
but who in my view must be respected as
someone who was acquitted by a jury
now I uncovered evidence and Clemens in
plausible denial which garrison ever had
I took the deposition of Richard Helms
remember at the time of the trial clay
show denied he ever worked for the CIA I
asked Richard Helms was the director of
the CIA at the time who was Clay Shaw
and he said oh he worked for us who's a
contract agent I told Jim Garrison at
once I called him this was years after
the trial
so sure I'd been acquitted I told that
the Jim and Jim said if I had that at
the time I think we would have gotten a
conviction maybe but when you indict
somebody you're a district attorney
nobody forces you to indict anyone when
you died somebody you should do it
because you have the evidence what you
think is going to convict the person
otherwise you don't do it
he had the evidence which he thought he
was gonna rely upon it was a long trial
the jury was only on for 15 minutes they
found show guilty except it it's the
jury system jury systems are not guilty
I'm sorry found sure I'm sorry right
they found sure not guilty we have to
accept that because that's how the
system works our country is based to a
very large extent upon the jury system
we came here from England and
established a jury system where the
representatives of the people judge the
people and stand as a bulwark between
the people who are accused and the
tyranny of the crown that's how our
system began and that's the very best
part of the system that we have if I had
a religion it would be the jury system I
believe in it and I don't like to see it
desecrated by mr. stone or anyone else
in an effort to make an exciting
dramatic film it didn't have to be done
but in the case of the SHA trial the
jury had agreed that there was a
conspiracy to kill the president but
yeah the only reason they I know that
cuz I'm the one who pulled the jury I
interviewed all the members of the jury
and I accomplished that that's correct
but they said they saw no evidence which
led to the CIA and no evidence which
links short of the Kennedy assassination
so then the evidence comes out later
that Shaw was CIA and maybe that might
have persuaded them and maybe not we
don't know because we weren't in the
jury and it has to be presented at jury
all of the evidence you have has to be
presented early and they utilize that
the way they want I've interviewed so
many jurors over the last 41 years and
the dynamics of what takes place in a
jury room in a jury's deliberating it's
very very complicated and you cannot
really duplicate in any one case what
took place in a previous case I don't
know what would have happened certainly
would have been really useful in the
case of the prosecution to have that
evidence presented to the jury
especially since show was denying it and
see the evidence that he was involved it
might have made it a difference with the
jury but it's unfair to speculate it's
under our your strict the strict
constitutionalist district structuralist
when it comes to the courts and well I
saw was innocent he was found s and and
well see if stone had said what I just
said in the film if he said the man was
found not guilty but later evidence was
shown developed which showed that he
actually worked for the CIA and that was
never percent of the jury that's one
thing he can do that but to make up
evidence to have David Ferrie lie I mean
say things like him say things what he
did he never actually said in real life
so yeah Shaw did it I did it and have
flashbacks demonstrating them doing it
it's inexcusable and it's indecent as
far as I'm concerned
Steve Jaffe you're a photo analyst yeah
I was went with the garrison office the
photo evidence has become so confusing
now with the Robert Groden David lifting
the x-rays the phony x-rays the autopsy
photos the phony autopsy photos it's
become so confusing have you been
working in this area on that now I was
when garrison was conducting his
investigation but I don't think it's
confusing I think it's it's very clear
that there was a government cover-up and
that you had to have people at the
highest levels creating incriminating
photographic evidence such as the famous
life cover photo that was published that
it was supposed to be Lee Harvey Oswald
and the caption on the cover was Lee
Harvey Oswald with the weapons he used
to kill President Kennedy and officer
Tippit and that was published on
February 21st 1964 18 days after the
Warren Commission started their
investigation Mark Lane brought the
evidence of the
fabrication of those photographs up and
presented that to the Warren Commission
and they rejected any any concept that
those were phony photographs and now we
know that to be true and recently they
found the madding the the actual working
copy of the cutout of the figure in the
Dallas police file that's true plus
three with the three photographs that
were taken Ross tensive Lee Oswald in
poses in that poll they were actually
something left for some with straight
chin so I'm with cleft chin well that's
the the photograph that you're talking
about was fabricated by joining a
photograph of Oswald's face with a
photograph of someone else's body in the
backyard of Neely Street where he had
lived at the chin and if the technology
that was used recently in for example
John barbers made a documentary called
the garrison tapes and he utilized the
modern technology of the editing rooms
to prove that you you could not take the
photographs that were found and that if
you did take the photographs that were
found and superimposed the face of the
first one over the other one that they
were identical and so we know that there
were fabrication and Mark Lane raised
that before the Commission back in 1964
well it's gotten so confusing with the
the publication of phony autopsy photos
and met and remanded x-rays and the
x-rays not matching the autopsy photos
and the question you know what's real
and what's not the Warren Commission at
least had the opportunity to work from
artists conceptions of of photographs
and I know why didn't they look at the
photographs well to do that they didn't
even look at the Zapruder fence they're
not doctors
it's right there art critics well okay
we are on the air live as of March 11th
1992 with Mark Lane and Steve Jaffe mark
lanes latest book plausible denial was
the CIA involved in the assassination of
JFK and it reads like a novel and a
little bit of law lesson and a lot of
history and a lot of Underoath evidence
that should have been blazing in the
headlines a few years ago but instead
has been kept pretty much under wraps
plausible denial and if you'd like to
talk with Mark Lane and given me either
the Pacifica treatment or the proper
gentlemanly cancer treatment show some
concern for the facts about the Deaf
president Kennedy that's what I'd like
to discuss briefly in 1966 and it was an
enormous ly influential experience in
fact as a high school student when I
read it in the fall of 66
I felt oddly empowered by having this
information and insight and I must say
that it has gotten me on a very helped
to get me on a very different track for
the rest of my life and I just wanted to
let you know that I and I'm sure many
others out there really appreciate the
consistent work you've done on this
issue over the years I had a question
for you but first I just wanted to share
briefly some information that I've come
across about Dan Rather's a role and as
I know many of the assassination
researchers referred to his on-air
description of these a prude or film
shortly after the assassination which
was many years before the general public
had access to actually
the film and I was able to get a
question to Dan Rather on February 4th
this year the day that the 48 hours
program on the assassination aired that
evening and that afternoon he was doing
some live phone interviews and he did
one here in San Diego on the CBS
affiliate and I was able to ask him
about how he could have described the
film Leslie in contradiction apparently
to what it shows and I just want to
share with you briefly what how he
answered this and when they say well he
said that he tried to put it into a
context of having seen the cell only
once shortly after the assassination and
not as a journalist so much but as one
who was invited in to screen it to
evaluate its potential for a possible
sale to CBS in other words other people
who own the film or control that we're
showing it around and we're trying to
sell it to the highest bidder and he
said on the air on February 4th this
year that after seeing it once in a
darkened screening room he ran out he
wasn't so much interested in its
potential but he ran back to the studio
and went on the air and tried to
describe it as best he could recollect
it now in saying that it appeared to me
that he was trying to distance himself
from his obviously inaccurate or flawed
description however he went on and this
interview on February 4th to say that he
did describe what he had seen he said
that to this day the film shows JFK
being pushed forward and rather added on
February 4th this year that in fact the
film shows that the shots came from the
rear which is exactly what happened so
it was a obviously very convoluted
confusing explanation that he still has
and if you're interested in this kind of
footnote to the history of the media
coverage of this I'd be happy to send
you a copy of the audio tape or a
transcript if you want to give a mailing
address later but I'll give you now it's
Mark Lane 105 second Street North East
Washington DC
the zip is two zero zero zero two so
I'll be appreciate if you would send me
that by the way I just as an aside here
brief live interviewed Dick Gregory many
times over the years and he's always
spoken very highly of you which is also
confirms though the feeling I had about
you and I I certainly enjoyed plausible
denial the question I guess I would get
to hear coming out of this dan Rather
discussion is I tried to pay very close
attention to the mainstream media
reportage on the JFK snow and on the
assassination during the past three
months in stones film came out and I've
got I guess hundreds of hours on
videotape by now of many of the programs
Network syndicated and local that have
touched on this since December 20th and
I would like to get your opinion or your
evaluation of the mainstream media's
coverage in this last three months and
if you see it as very much different
aside from the quantity that's occurred
very much different and quality than
what came in the twenty or thirty years
before well it began with George larded
jr. in the Washington Post doing a piece
called Alice in Wonderland
all of a sudden mister Lardner the
intelligence writer for The Washington
Post became a film critic his first film
review he didn't wait till the film was
that he didn't even wait till I finished
shooting the film anyone who knows
anything about films knows that editing
is where it all happens you can shoot an
awful lot of stuff but what you do with
the editing is is what results in the
film and you can't review a film til
it's been screened but it was an effort
by Lardner obviously to destroy the film
and to ridicule stone and to frighten
Stone who was utilizing this is another
problem with the film I think and that
is that the stone back down I was down
there New Orleans Jim Garrison said
first time he said I remember he came
out at the DA's office there in Tulane
and I was standing along by his side
when he spoke in the corridor of the
courthouse there where his loft
was he said ladies and gentlemen of the
news media I have some bad news for you
your Central Intelligence Agency killed
your president
I heard him said that a thousand times
not only to the news media
I heard him said to the assistant das I
heard was said to the investigators we
have to get more evidence to prove that
that's all he said over and over and
over it the original screenplay that's
Dawn had had Garrison saying the CIA
killed President Kennedy
then came the attacks led by George
Lardner let me just say that George
Lardner has said if Mark Lane ever says
that I'm a paid agent of the CIA I will
sue him for defamation and I want to
make it plain right now I've never said
the George Lardner was paid by the CIA
if he has not been paid by the CIA he
should raise this with his Union and
representative because as Otello said
he's done the state some service and
they know it but he led the campaign and
it got to the point where finally Time
magazine picked up lardner's comments in
the Washington Post and gave a full page
to the attack on stone this caught
Stone's attention Time Warner are the
distributors of the film JFK he knew
exactly what was being said and then the
film was rewritten who did the film say
did it the military industrial complex
we have to indict that guy the Joint
Chiefs of Staff Lyndon Johnson CIA Stone
himself said in Life magazine I believe
it was army intelligence that did it who
cares what he believes it's supposed to
be the Jim Garrison's story I mean Elvis
tone should not have made his third
Vietnam film he should have made his
first Kennedy assassination film and it
was about Jim Garrison before Jim
Garrison story well Jim Garrison said
the CIA did it it's unfortunate that the
film did not say as clearly as Jim
Garrison had said who he thought was
culpable but that was the campaign it
was remarkable and its viciousness
and did I think forced mrs. stone to
back down and retreat from what his
original firm position had been in
presenting what Jim Garrison said that's
interesting I know I've noticed to the
influential role the New York Times has
played even before the film came out I
think the Sunday before Tom wicker had
an endless article in the sunday New
York Times attacking stone and the
gentleman of the 40 or so articles are
dead pieces columns that said or almost
all of them in the New York Times that
have appeared in the last three months
have been negative and of course the
network's national TV networks take a
lot of their cues from New York Times
but yet I've been encouraged that a lot
of the coverage I've seen has been
neutral or or even positive about the
film and I think it's really something
to be optimistic about but certainly
appreciate your work and if there are
you in San Diego well are you in San
Diego yes coming down here yeah tomorrow
I'm gonna be on the mark Larson show at
5 is 5 o'clock to 6 o'clock and then I'm
going to be a you know where Warwick's
book store is La Jolla I'll be there at
7:30 to 9:00 I will try to combine
terrific see you then thank you good
night
Peter Chao I would hate to have his
videocassette bill it's like he's got 8
million hours of the Gulf War and 30
million hours of bush and 60 million
hours now I saw a rebroadcast of a
series called the trial of Lee Harvey
Oswald yeah Vincent Bugliosi versus
Spence and Bulli OSI took the Sapru der
film and he demonstrated that the shot
must have come from the back because the
blood brain spurting was coming out the
front you're right I mean are we gonna
discuss what the world's flat around I
mean everybody knows and you look at the
proto film it shows that the bullet hit
the president from the front his head
was driven backwards suddenly and
violently
now they're talking about a
neuromuscular response just reverse this
for a minute
let's just say that the government said
that when they
was different back when suddenly and
finally the president was turned back
into the seat and bounced off of the
seat that the Hargis the Bobby Harkins
the motorcycle policeman to the left
rear testified was splattered with blood
and brain material such an impact he
almost knocked him off his motorbike the
jack is reaching back therefore the
brain apparently on the back of the car
just say that we then said nope that
shot came from the back and all of these
things are neuromuscular responses that
they'd locked us up in a mental
institution
I mean if we had it if we try to present
that position it's just an absolute
absurdity nothing upsets me much more
than seeing lawyers who are supposed to
be reputable participate in what they
keep on referring to as the trial of Lee
Harvey Oswald the man was dead before
the trial began there was no trial
nobody was under oath no one was
subjected to the penalty of perjury it
was a farce it was a mock trial which
was a mockery and it is an outrage that
lawyers would participate in that and
call that a trial and say therefore
we've reached a certain conclusion every
element which makes a trial a trial in
America that when you testify you can go
to jail if you lie that's the point that
the jury is chosen to be impartial that
the defendant plays a major part he
talks to his called his lawyer he tells
them what his position is you don't try
people after the death when they've been
denied a right to talk to Laurie what
you do is you try the FBI and you try
the people who are alive who conspired
to denied Lee Harvey Oswald his rights
and you try the people who killed John F
Kennedy you don't try someone after his
death and what is not a trial but a
mockery which is pretty much what
happened and rounded and recounted in
the book plausible denial hello hello
how you doing we're doing terrific Mark
Twain who are you
terrific how're you doing I'm pretty
good my name is Jim Jim I've been
listening this evening and I understand
your feeling with reverence to mr.
stones movie I was 13 when John Kennedy
got assassinated and it really struck me
very heavily because about a week prior
to that ABC had a radio program called
flare reports and if you remember Adlai
Stevenson had been to Dallas was spat on
and hit over the head with a sign and
the only reason I go back is because
there were some problems in Texas at
that point and Ed Lee Stevenson being a
Democrat and being treated that way I
was on the way out the back door of the
house and at the end of this little
program it said next week the eyes of
Dallas will be on the president and the
eyes of the world will be on Dallas and
I said he's not gonna make it out of
Dallas anyway
needless to say he didn't stones has
been able to do with this movie
something that despite your book and
Garrison's efforts and a lot of other
diligent people looking into this case
have not been able to do as galvanize
public opinion to the point that at
least people are seriously saying wait a
minute we want to know what really
happened I understand your feeling with
reference towards the jury system and I
agree with you however there's a whole
generation of young people we're a lot
younger than both of us who didn't know
about it and even to this day I mean I
deal with kids continuously teenagers
who don't even know who John Kennedy was
except he was a president they don't
even know what's happened and it and it
hurts it really hurts to realize that
from 64 until 68 we lost John Kennedy
Malcolm X Martin Luther King Bobby
Kennedy
and that thing that I like George
Wallace because I'm a black man but
George got his brains or God got shot
okay
I I don't know what was going on which
leads in Rockwell those are the only
ones I can think of at this point right
off the tip of my head but I don't know
what was happening with us as a nation
at that point but it's really freaky
it's frightening when I look back on it
then I see the usurpation usurpation of
the constitution via Richard Nixon and
his resignation and prior to his
resignation make it a little faster
please we have eleven calls coming you
got the whole thing yeah there probably
was a plot no doubt about it
I I just I'm saying this very simply
what can we do to change it well we have
to do it
we have to get millions and millions of
signatures in this country on petitions
to Manny that a special prosecutor be
appointed to the fact is we can do
anything we ended the war in Vietnam the
government did not end it and the news
media did not end it was Walter Cronkite
giving us the body count every night and
Lyndon Johnson seeing the light at the
end of the tunnel the fact is the
American people ended the war we can do
anything that we have our mind to do
there's a political awareness now
regarding the death of John Kennedy
which makes it possible to organize and
we have to do what we did a long time
ago all over again we have to get people
in action all over this country millions
of signatures on petitions
demonstrations put this in the political
process make sure that the presidential
candidates and congressional candidates
and candidates for the Senate all take a
position on this question that's the
thing we can start to do the next
edition of plausible denial and in fact
rush suggestion will be coming out again
in two weeks in a new edition first one
since 1975 and we'll have a new
introduction part of the introduction
will be fact or fiction a movie goers
guide to Oliver Stone's JFK so you can
tell what's fact and what's fiction but
both of these books will have on the
last page a petition the United States
government demanding that a special
prosecutor be appointed that's the gun
it has a post-office box
in terms of where to send the material
that we have to start organizing
politically around this issue hello hi
thank you so much for taking my call I
have a question about carry Thornley
okay I'd like to know is it a
coincidence that carry Thornley was in
the Marines with Oswald in Asia as well
as in New Orleans
I don't know they've been a lot of
questions raised about that Jim Garrison
looked into that at one time thought to
carry Thornley was acting that was the
person acted as a double for Lee Harvey
Oswald I'm not sure that any of that has
ever been resolved but there have been
questions asked he was on Inside Edition
or Geraldo or something recently and
talked about it and said that he was the
that Oswald was the voice of reason
compared to how much he hated Kennedy
and it just seemed very strange was he
at
adzuki that's what he said he was on now
it can be told with Geraldo Rivera and
he said it written a book about Lee
Harvey Oswald and then he'd been in the
Marine Corps with him but as Mark said
nothing was resolved during the
investigation or by that program I also
thought the trial of Lee Harvey Oswald
was pretty much a sham the only
interesting thing to me was getting to
see Ruth Payne and I wonder also why she
was not named in the JFK Oliver Stone
film they mean they had a character in
there well he didn't name a lot of
people who he thought might sue him for
defamation and I guess that's probably
why he didn't do it if he couldn't get a
release he'd he didn't name him because
he could say that Corey Shaw was guilty
because Clay Shaw being dead has no
rights
nobody can other people must have signed
some sort of waiver if they were alive
the ones they're dead you can say
anything about they can't do any better
what do you think about George de
Mohrenschildt what is there some
accurate connection with the
intelligence community
oh yeah George Marshall was a spy for a
lot of different people over the years
was in quick remark oh man they picked
him up for they thought it was
attempting to assassinate the marshal
Tito he went into Guatemala he wanted to
the impenetrable jungles of Guatemala he
and his wife he said and they emerged on
the very day that the Bay of Pigs troops
left Guatemala City he arrived in
Guatemala City he worked for the Central
Intelligence Agency was the baby well I
presume he probably did but in any event
he was the babysitter for Lee Harvey
Oswald for the CIA and he he was about
to be called as a witness before the
House Select Committee on assassinations
and he died the day before he's supposed
to call I went down there for the
coroner's inquest it was quite
interesting because the district
attorney what happened was this de
Mohrenschildt was staying at a home
where his daughter lived his thought it
was saying with a very wealthy woman in
Florida and this woman it's kind of like
a Columbo movie and this is before the
days when people had videotape recorders
she wouldn't have this woman and to play
to Ma bridge tournament but she wanted
to watch she wanted to have a record
made of some soap opera so she said to
her domestic worker here's an audio tape
recorder just put it on and record the
the sound of this television soap opera
and so the tape recorder was playing and
then you hear George Tim you hear the
bullet the shotgun explode the shot that
killed the George de Mohrenschildt they
claimed he committed suicide but if you
listen to the tape you hear this you
hear little noise you hear silence and
yes and then you hear beep beep beep
beep beep beep a little more noise and
then you hear the shot the beep beep
beep beep beep was a security system on
medium mode 1 mode is if if it's on
fully armed if anyone opens a door or
window a siren goes off and the police
are notified on another mode it's off
entirely but on the medium mode it goes
beep beep beep beep to show that someone
has opened the door and come into the
house just before de Muro show was shot
that's what happened and I talked to
that his
attorney when I listen to that tape I
was there and just before the coroner's
inquest and I said does that sound like
someone came in the house he said we're
not going to go into that and I said why
I said you understand why this is bigger
than all of us we have to do what we
have to do I said I understand that and
he said well listen you know you can't
speak at the car in his inquest you're
just gonna be a spectator I said I know
that and so he played the tape and told
the the car in his jury a cross-section
of the folks in the area that this was a
suicide etcetera and this woman Karnas
Jerry said that beat beat beat beat that
sounds like my security system that
means somebody apparently went into the
house he said we're not going into that
and so they ruled that it was the
suicide that was the end of that but I
think that's a very serious question as
to whether he was murdered okay thanks
for your call it may have been a
coincidence that maybe there was a
burglar and the suicide at the same time
it may have been a lone nut' I might add
by the way Dallas and wonderland is a
book also written in 1967 I believe by
Paul Dallas who was a manager of KPFK
consumer and it was a story of his
adventures as manager here so that's the
original Dallas in Wonderland and the
Lewis Carroll not disregarding here
yeah hello yes mark how are you I had a
pleasure of meeting you at the Beverly
Center but three months ago or so uh-huh
and you selling my book and everything
and my record album before I comment
pardon me
he has an album well no uh that
controversy all became no but 25 years
ago anywhere until er did that I want to
recommend instead let me just say is
that the Columbia album by with Lawrence
Schiller let me tell you a funny story
about Lawrence Hill he went around
posing as a person of integrity and he
went to a lot of different people and he
said I'm really a critic of the Warren
Commission and he sold that album with a
big picture of me so in essence is my
position was basically the Warren
Commission's position I'm on for a very
short period of time but the
government's position is presented he
fooled everybody he visited me at a home
here in Beverly Hills in the area Joe
and Maggie fields and they had a big
German Shepherd named Brando as I say he
fooled ever he did not fool everybody he
did not fool Brando Brando was the only
one who saw through his disguise and bit
him in the Bucks and he later wrote an
article the condemning the dog has been
really vicious but the dog was not
vicious he was a dog of absolute
discretion anyway I wanna I want to
recommend the video called plot to kill
rest of judgment if you can get it it's
worth watching of course mark made that
well mark didn't make it but he would
yeah I was one of the two producers and
with Emil deantonio and it is true
it's me interviewing key witnesses
almost almost all of them were dead now
most of them will never call part of the
Warren Commission but they're all
witnesses that people are the only
witness of the murder of officer Tippit
the the men on the railroad bridge and
all of the key witnesses in the areas
it's a it was it's a historic record and
what's exciting about the film is you
see these people from Texas and they
just
telling the truth and it's obvious I
think anyone watching that this is the
truth it's not dan Rather making a
little mistake because it was a darkened
room you always see film in a darker
what does it mean a darkened room but
any event it was a it's it's not it's
not the leadership talking it's the
American people speaking that's why I
find that such a moving there a my
comment is this I blame the Secret
Service for letting a big assassination
happened I mean number one there were at
least 13 windows open on the Book
Depository and that should not be also
they didn't the Secret Service didn't
react after the first shot I mean we all
saw when when Reagan got shot how fast
they reacted I mean the drivers of the
Kennedy's car you know didn't do a thing
why did they take off they slowed down
what so I mean has anybody really I've
never heard a really heavy criticism on
the Secret Service yeah a lot of us have
criticized them but remember the windows
opened the Book Depository building had
a little to do with the death of the
president he was shot from behind the
wooden fence in fact I was in Dallas
recently I've been there they've made
the Book Depository building and the
sixth floor a shrine a monument yeah
it's the only monument in America to a
place where nothing happened I mean the
grassy knoll is what should be the barn
but that's where they killed him from
obviously but obviously security was
lacks and shots came from some
windowless are close behind him maybe
the Book Depository building other I
don't think so yes but some some shots
came from back there and when the car
moved forward the shots from behind him
compelled the Secret Service fellows to
go forward when they went for they were
right up to the murderer the person who
killed the president was behind the
grassy behind the wooden fence on the
grass you know Steve yeah hi your
opinion the Oswald backyard photos in
your opinion are they absolutely faked
yes no doubt about it no doubt about
so what I understand why I mean right
there that that should be a major proof
other conspiracy I mean but to me that's
not talked about enough you know there's
a new video up now called
who didn't kill JFK which came from a
video called fake I'm sure you were
aware of that right by Jack White and
Jim Marrs and I also recommend that one
too
but I don't think this is talked about
enough what's your opinion on that well
I think if there was a special
prosecutor and they'd and the evidence
especially the photographic evidence was
included in the analysis of the
investigation that this would reveal
that a very carefully planned and line
of incrimination was began at least as
far back as September of 1963 prior to
the murder of President Kennedy I mean
there's no question if if these pictures
were faked before November 22nd 1963
quite right what is it what we have is
evidence being established in order to
prove Oswald was guilty of a crime which
hadn't occurred yet implausible deny we
talk about and we document the fact that
the CIA had set up an elaborate charade
in Mexico City implicating Lee Harvey
Oswald and leaving behind a trail which
would lead to him after the
assassination and it was without
question related to what the CIA knew
was going to happen they were said if
the trail they knew in September end of
September the first few days of October
that they were going to kill John
Kennedy in November
let me just make a comment about
something which a lot of folks haven't
heard too much about did you know about
this article by Arthur Kroc younger
people are saying who's Arthur crock
Arthur crock was the single most
respected journalist in America in the
nineteen sixties he wrote on the
editorial page of the New York Times he
was very close to the Kennedys
in fact Joseph Kennedy John Kennedy's
father's first book was ghost written by
Arthur crock and young John Kennedy when
he was a young man
and worked on his thesis why England
slept he wrote it in Arthur crocks
Georgetown library with the help of
author crock and then Arthur crock had
it turned into a book got him a literary
agents how close it was John Kennedy
when he wanted to speak to the American
people talk to Arthur crock and Arthur
crock would publish material this is
October 3rd 1963 editorial page of the
New York Times
Arthur crocks column called the intra
administration war in Vietnam and Arthur
crock is saying John Kennedy has
declared war on the Central Intelligence
Agency and John Kennedy wants the
American people to know there are some
very serious problems and then he goes
on to say twice according to a high the
United States soars twice the CIA flatly
refused to carry out instructions from
ambassador Henry Cabot Lodge it was
kennedy's ambassador to vietnam and in
one instance frustrated plan of action
mr. lodge brought from Washington from
John Kennedy because the agency
disagreed with it you like that the CIA
disagreement they don't what the
president says then it goes on listen to
this the CIA's growth was likened to a
malignancy which the very high official
was not sure even the White House could
control any longer
and listen to this if the United States
ever experiences an attempt at a coup to
overthrow the government it will come
from the CIA that's John Kennedy talking
to the American people in October the
next month they blew his head off
and there's the Warren Commission and
they don't ask Arthur Kroc where'd you
get this information that John Kennedy
was talking or someone on his behalf was
talking to you about the CIA being
possibly involved in a coup if there was
a coup it would come from the CIA I
confronted Bert Griffin who was one of
the lawyers for the Warren Commission
with this column he never heard of it it
was in a program in Cleveland we were on
a television show together and I said
what about this he never heard of it and
I said well how could you not know about
he said I know but I said well what was
your he said well my area would
basically was Jack Ruby I said okay did
the Ruby testify before the house on
American Activities Committee he's a not
to my knowledge and so has the exhibit
you you act release for Jack Gruber to
testify
the stationery of the Department of
Justice FBI signed by sworn to by a
staff assistant the 24th of November
1947 and it says that mr. Jack
Rubinstein of Chicago noted his
potential witness should be not recall
for open testimony in the hearings it
should be closed testimony you know why
it had to be closed because it was
informant is what it said he is
providing information functions for the
staff of congressmen are you ready
congressman Richard M Nixon Republican
of California Jack Ruby worked for
Richard Nixon in 1947 and testified
before the house on American Activities
Committee and the lawyer for the Warren
Commission in charge of Jack Ruby's
background never heard about that till I
showed him about two weeks ago mark did
the FBI do any tests for nitrates on the
leaves behind aggression no just after
the assassination I mean you would think
they would because people had said the
shots came from the Negresco so I'm
wondering do the S by a I do any tests
on the leaves for nitrates anything that
anybody said about shots coming back
there they never thought to indicate to
examine anything anything that anybody
said which was contrary to ours Walt
acted alone the FBI said it does not fit
in what we know the evidence to be so
there's no sense explorative talking
thank you thank you
hello I'll say this is KPFK Los Angeles
by the way then we are on the air live
with Marlene as of March 11th 1992 thank
you for appearing mr. William thank you
it's very valuable to have the
opportunity to hear you make comments
about the truth regarding not so much
the day okay but regarding the
allegations that are made casting
aspersions on you and in fact
coincidentally with pleasure Prouty go
by fascination
yeah I really let me just let me just
say I want to come in cuz of part of the
reason why hold on a sec okay okay I I'm
glad you raised the question Fletcher
Prouty Fletcher Prouty is a good and
decent man and there have been such a
vicious attacks you have been vicious
attacks about him primarily in in in
these times which are absolutely
unprincipled anyone who's listening who
subscribes from these times I would just
like you to write to those folks and
tell them to cut it out you can see a
subscription he's a very decent man he
as he doesn't really have I mean I've
known him for a while he was in on our
citizens Commission of Inquiry 1975 when
we tried to get the Congress to
investigate the Kennedy and King
assassinations and he has done very
serious and brave work and he's and he's
made facts known to us that we would
never know because even his position to
know things that most of us have never
known it is just an outrage that he's
been subjected to these vicious attacks
by in these times and others because he
had such a truly remarkable career I
mean he was at the right place at the
right time and now he's willing to speak
about it there's basically no one from
that era who apparently is willing to
talk at us so there we go
but my question pertaining regards to
well actually it's not even regards to
the topic once again what I like to know
is have more information on just
specified regarding your evidence if you
have any real bona fide evidence to back
up your own statements regarding the
efforts of the CIA to suppress or quiet
either the potential publishers of the
book or subsequent to the any discussion
about it in the media yeah I got a lot
of Diegans hundreds and hundreds of
documents from the CIA into the
Freedom of Information Act I read a
little part of one if you like now this
is what they say we should employ
propaganda assets as their own language
to answer refute the attacks of the
critics mark lanes others book reviews
and feature articles are particularly
appropriate for this purpose then it
says exactly what the book reviewers
should say about us but here it says
feature articles a particularly proper
to refute us you know the longest
article ever in its history until that
time initiated by The Associated Press
was an attack upon me and some of the
other critics longest article they ever
initiated just think of what happened
while there was an AP World War two
began or a war to ended
somebody stepped down the moon a nuclear
bomb was detonated but the longest
article they ever wrote was an attack
upon me and then it goes on to talk
these documents it tells what should be
do pointed tells the reviewers and the
critics what they should say about us
and and then they talk about the need to
utilize propaganda assets and elite
contacts in the news media and elsewhere
to prevent the circulation of the views
of Mark Lane to prevent the publication
of his works in other countries to
utilize key assets in political circles
in other countries for the purpose of
silencing mark land etc goes on and on
and on and they in fact visited the
publishers we know that now they visited
the publishers and told them not to
publish rush to judgment and that's why
almost every publish in America declined
to do it did they visit the publishers
until him not to publish plausible
denial check back in five years when we
get our documents out of the Freedom of
Information Act and we'll find that why
every published in America except
thunders mouth press refused to publish
the work but yeah they're alive hundreds
of pages of documents regarding the CIA
and the FBI's efforts to prevent a
circulation of views which were
different from their own I've heard
there are
efforts or their husband very effective
measures to prevent the FOI a from being
an effective method to obtain further
information onto the future would you
agree that thank you very much but yeah
I would agree that in fact I was among
those who brought the first actions
under the Freedom of Information Act it
said when it was amended after the
Watergate debacle it said that at that
time it still says that you make your
application and they have 10 days to
answer well that's how it began and I
started to obey those rules at the very
beginning but then they let it slip and
slip and slip the courts did not insist
and then when you filed an application
thereafter the FBI are the CIA and say
well why do you think you might be in
there what have you done fill out these
forms tell us what you've done to make
you think that we have a file on you in
other words if they didn't have a file
on you fill out the form they'll do it
just so far yeah do it yourself up we'll
develop one
help us develop one for you so yeah I
mean the the these things are only
effective if there's an administration
if there are courts that have under some
understanding of the spirit of the law I
wanted to prevail and that's not where
we are now we have one comment about the
grassy knoll one of the proofs that is
used to establish a shot from the grassy
knoll is the witnessing of smoke from a
rifle and the response to that is that
modern rifles don't smoke yeah okay this
question was raised by Joseph bull who
are debated here got what year was that
at the Beverly Hills High School a long
time al Weir and was there and that's
what ball said he was one of the lawyers
for the Warren Commission modern rifles
don't smoke well first of all this was
not a modern rifle those amantha that
Arkana was an ancient weapon but this is
what's interesting about that weapon
first of all we don't even know what
weapon was used for hardly wooden fence
but let's just deal with the only weapon
that we know the FBI had a witness who
said he thought he saw a flash of light
someplace in the Book Depository
building well that's enough let's see if
the rifle gives off a flash
white so Jagger Hoover had the weapon
tested as he said you know but a fairly
well-lit room and a darkened room and in
a moderately dark room to see if a flash
of light is given off and Hoover's
report is the FBI laboratory determined
that no flash of light can be seen
Hoover added however however it does
give off puffs of white smoke when is
what is fired
that was Hoover's own report in terms of
their investigation so that weapon did
give off smoke that's the one the
mannlicher-carcano the Yanet Aryan rifle
but if this was not such a menu cannula
breakfast because of the the rifle Bible
the one which told all about the
capability of his weapon said it was
actually a very dangerous weapon but
primarily to the person who was firing
it because it had a nasty habit of
blowing up in the face of the person was
pulling the trigger but if you had a an
agent on the grass you know firing a
rifle that would that would be likely to
be a modern rifle and then yeah well
done wife Rose you have some people have
smoked when we catch the guy and we get
the weapon but testing we'll see what it
gives off but it's possible that the
matter of our cannon was fired from
behind that fence because they may want
to plant a bullet from back there into
the into the limousine or intrabody in
there someone was hit it's already too
many bullets I don't think that anybody
wants to find any more bullet there
aren't you there are more bullets than
there should be actually I mean there's
a book see pit in are Neal two FBI
agents were present the autopsy we have
their report saying they removed a
bullet was removed from the president's
body and given to them and they left
with it where is that bullet where is
the president's brain um and a lot of
information a lot of evidence is missing
and there those who say free the files
better be ready for the fact that some
of the documents may be shredded and
some new ones may be invented
wasn't there a recent death of one of
the archive
archival people alongside you Bernard
finsterwald oh no he was an archive no
no he wasn't an archivist but he was
working in Washington collecting
documents on the Kennedy assassination
people died I mean it's at 28 years
after the assassination we would be
really surprised if everybody's alive
today was alive then but that's not
that's not a suspicious death in my view
hello first of all thank you for having
a wonderful wonderful information I
wanted to ask something about garrison
had on a tape that I'd heard on this
show said something about a 45 bullet
that was found near where the
assassination took place near a piece
where a piece of the president's skull
and brain were found on the line on the
street somewhere to the side of where
the motorcade had passed by and how Dad
had disappeared it was in the position
of the Dallas Police Department and it
appeared to be a 45 slug and I wanted to
ask the gentleman I think his name is
Steve Joffe about the film
it looks like William Greer turns around
as he's slowing down it's not so much
turning around he's doing something
have you ever speculated I know a lot of
people have speculated but have you ever
do self-released that he doesn't come up
to any determination as to what he was
yeah I've studied the film over and over
and I've been with in when I was in
Paris with the French intelligence
agents who had studied the film in
detail and to my knowledge it's very
obvious that there is movement in the
car but there's there's nothing to
contradict the fact that the shots came
from the right front and that he was the
president was shot from the grassy knoll
and they were also shots fired from
behind that the drivers hands were at
all times on the steering wheel although
his foot was on the brake
I don't know where his hands were at all
times but there's nothing and I don't
believe in that theory and I don't think
there's no need for speculation because
when you see the film you are have there
is no no way to mistake that he was shot
from the right front and driven back and
it's not possible for a neuromuscular
reaction by his neck to be humanly
possible to drive him back at a hundred
and four miles an hour what about what
Jim Garrison had said about the 45 slugs
being found on the street
well there is a photograph officer down
picking up something and I don't think
you can tell from the photograph exactly
what it is but it is it does look like a
pretty sizable bullet that he's picking
up I think that's what Jim was making
reference to there was also a bullet
which struck the curb and there's a mark
on the curb and that was examined later
and that bullet didn't hit any of the
occupants of the vehicle but it
shattered would instruct the concrete on
the curb and he the part of the bullet
and part of the concrete struck a man by
the name of James Tague in the face
causing a minor injury but so far as we
know the only other person injured that
day in Dealey Plaza by firing other than
the president who was killed and
Governor Connally who was very seriously
I think we were all injured that day I
was just only four years old but I
couldn't believe the amount of pain
people were showing just four weeks
afterwards they're all we're all I mean
everybody seemed completely stunned you
know I want to recommend a great film
its fictional of course but it's called
seven days in May have you ever seen it
yes I know it's interesting something
yes it's totally speculative but it
certainly seems to be based on something
that could possibly have happened or
hopefully will never happen in the
future
hey thank you thanks hello oh hi I'd
like to ask mark Lane and Co questions
who referring to the quadrille just hung
up
he spoke about a a driver taking a shot
at President Kennedy I just bought a
book called mortal error
oh yeah in which the
this book proclaims that accidentally
one of the Secret Service men in the
follow-up car leveled the rifle at
Kennedy and shot him that's correct
that's correct that's what he says lives
in as Hickey this is the most absurd
position that has been presented in my
view in the last 28 years it almost
makes the Warren Commission report look
credible by comparison in that it's a
book written by a guy named manager who
was six years old at the time
but he's basted entirely I just said
that to indicate that he has no personal
knowledge he bases this upon a statement
made by a man named Donahue who wrote a
couple of articles in the Baltimore Sun
in 1977 he was an analyst for CBS and
trying to prove that the Warren Report
was correct and I Donny was on a radio
program this ballistics guy I was on a
radio program in Washington DC and ABC
affiliate I think it was and I called
and I talked to him and I said who was
in the car
the follow-up car and he started give me
the names of mr. this one and mr. powers
and mr. O'Donnell and I said you know
they are that's Kenny O'Donnell and
David powers John Kennedy's two closest
friends two strongest advisors into the
most powerful men in America at the time
they both told Tip O'Neill and he wrote
about in his book a man on the house
that they heard the shots and they came
from behind the wooden fence on the
grassy knoll I said mr. Donahue are you
saying that the rifle was fired right
behind them it went between the left ear
of one man and the right ear of the
other man the automatic weapon was
exploded and they didn't hear it he said
no they heard it I said so they've lied
he said yes and I said in The Secret
Service agent lied he said yes and I
said everybody in Dealey Plaza some
people just a few feet from that car saw
this man fire by mistake and kill the
president and they ran right past the
car up the grassy knoll toward the
wooden fence looking for the assassin
and there he was all the time speeding
away in the car is that correct
and he senescence said everybody's lying
and this is all based upon his analysis
of extrapolation
of where a bullet might have come from
it is the single most absurd book
I think written on the subject and there
have been others which are not terrific
but this is the worst one yet thank you
this is KPFK Los Angeles we are on the
air live with Mark Lane March 11th 1992
the discussion his 1991 book plausible
denial was the CIA involved in the
assassination of JFK containing detailed
under oath testimony in United States
District Court which has been not
terribly successfully suppressed by our
what is it called now the intelligence
community hello I have a question
concerning Lyndon Johnson's role in all
that I don't think there was one I think
it was important from the viewpoint of
the CIA that Lyndon Johnson be a witness
to the assassination remember John
Kennedy was ending the war in Vietnam
Lyndon Johnson saw what took place what
happened to him and very shortly after
the assassination the body was still
hardly even cold and Lyndon Johnson said
to Bill Moyers I've told the Joint
Chiefs of Staff they can have all the
money all the men all the material they
want John Kennedy's policy of withdrawal
died with him that day in Dallas Lyndon
Johnson got the message I think so I
don't see any evidence to show that he
was involved thanks the testimony of his
mistress is not to be accepted
well viewed with suspicion if she's had
a lot of different stories and they've
been developing year after year after
year they keep on changing but the last
one so far as I recall it was that
Lyndon Johnson said that he's not gonna
be a problem anymore
but didn't indicate that he was planning
it but he s they had heard something
about it I think that's as far as she
goes hello
oK you've got a very bad line just ask a
quick question I don't know about that
but what does it say Fletcher Prouty hi
kebab very ok ok I'll try to check it
out I didn't know about that book I'm
interested in Jonestown I was there when
it happened
now you were in US Congress when
testifying to Congress with grace Walden
at the time that Leo Ryan went down to
Jonestown
I actually went down with him and you
went with him yeah I went from
Georgetown Guyana into Jonestown with
congressman Ryan and when there was an
attempt to murder him in the pavilion
there I took the knife away from the guy
who was trying to kill him and Ryan
later said I saved his life but then he
was killed shortly thereafter leaving
Time magazine to say well Mark Lane only
saved
congressman Ryan's life temporarily
sorry time I did the best I could
hello mr. Fisher the [ __ ] on Bush's
connection with the CIA
okay and when I was in high school in 72
the gentleman named Fred Moloch I'm not
sure if you know him tried to recruit me
to go to Georgetown University or the
Bronx High School of Science Jewish town
sort of like a little spies but this guy
Fred Moloch was had to quit the Bush
campaign the last time around because uh
was involved in the campaign he had been
in the Nixon White House in 1972 writing
down the names
it was the Labor Department writing down
the names Jewish sounding names in the
Labor Department and I don't know if you
have any information on this guy Fred
Moloch he was also suggested to play
some I think the last Attorney General
I do remember that dr. lefty hosts
afternoon oh yeah I do recall that story
breaking at the time I don't have any
more information than what you've just
said there I remember reading about at
the time that I thought there might be
some connections like Nazi right-wing
type people on that George Bush is
friends with that he had to get get him
out of the campaign did you see mom
trying to recruit you but yes in 1972 at
the same time he was working in the in
the Nixon White House yeah
okay it's interesting we'll look into it
if we can thank you hello yes my
question for mr. Lane is regarding
Richard Billings
it was the assistant to G Robert Blakey
and House Select Committee investigation
report
Richard Billings also co-wrote a book
with Blakey I think it was an 83 called
the plot to kill the president which was
I think just more disinformation it was
a plot to kill the investigation
exactly Richard Billings worked as chief
investigator for the Christic Institute
loved panca lawsuit
I guess supposedly lending his supposed
expertise on Ted Shackley in the Miami
anti-castro scene to Christic do you not
think that Christic used bad judgment
hiring Billings and also would you trust
Billings he wrote the book with play he
didn't he correct yeah well I don't
trust anybody writes a book with Blakey
in terms of the Christic Institute I
guess they conducted their own in Korea
and they were satisfied that he was
going to be useful to them and I'm about
to comment upon that judgment if he came
into my office and wanted to work with
me on this material he would show them
the door has been left on one other
question is I'm surprised that you would
have any hope that Pat Buchanan is not
part of the establishment I think it's
clear that he is oh sure it's part of
the exception but this could be a good
plane this is George Bush lying again to
the American people this is and it seems
to me Patrick
so personally involved now he may even
forget what he's really supposed to be
about but in that event I think we want
to ask every one of the candidates well
yeah and what do you say who has asked
Jerry Brown whether he's concerted all
of these issues and wants to bring them
out and he says he doesn't want to deal
with any quote conspiracy issues not
even iran-contra is that what he said
yep that was at his campaign
headquarters in Santa Monica how long it
was that back in October no maybes good
yeah so I mean it wouldn't wait to vote
on Jerry Brown in that regard do you
have to waste a vote on somebody in
November vote whoever is running yes
Bush obviously yeah well thank you very
much thank you maybe we could get Nixon
back since almost like the good old days
hello Roy I have a comment to make about
Oliver Stone and I think that if he was
right about Kennedy's Vietnam policy I
think that would have led to a joint
upheaval because remember that was 1949
the issue that McCarthy was who lost
China and the whole McCarthy attack on
what he called communist liberals and
everything was based on that and what
happened was was that according to what
Oliver Stone and what I've heard about
it was that Kennedy was planning to and
draw the troops and the large numbers
after he was reelected but my question
is don't you see Lynne Kennedy and he
had been reelected and said there would
have been a massive campaign against him
people have called him a traitor and the
right wing would try to use this as a
way to destabilize United States because
I think that it's a height of the Cold
War in 1963 was hotter the Cold War and
the majority of Americans supported the
Cold War policy that started with Harry
Truman that Kennedy would have been
greatly pilloried and really hurt there
might have been I think that it was
inevitable that he was killed because
the thing was was at the the
establishment the the military the
agencies were afraid that he was going
to sell a country out to what
called the Communists and by withdrawing
from Vietnam they thought that was the
first step in a sellout he also coined
where I also read was he also was going
to recognize China change relations with
Cuba and cooperate with socialist or
progressive forces of the third world
because he felt that he was very
disillusioned with the American policy
in the third world was our support of
oligarchies and he was going to work
with the socialist forces and BP
military and the intelligence apparatus
and the people of the government were so
afraid and so terrified by this that
that's what I think and I wondered if
you agree well I think there's no
question that John Kennedy was
withdrawing troops they were then called
advisers from Vietnam he would through a
thousand we were down to sixteen
thousand five hundred he said that by
the end of the next year every American
will be out of Vietnam he was killed in
November 1963 at the time of his death
lesson 100 Americans had died in Vietnam
I live in Washington DC on Capitol Hill
my wife and I walked down to that wall
every once in a while and there are
names up there 58,000 young American
kids all of whom save a hundred all of
whom died after John Kennedy died and
after John Kennedy said we're
withdrawing troops who are going to end
the war in Vietnam I think that was one
of the considerations he was as you say
involved in a program for our approach
mama Fidel Castro was represented was
meeting with Fidel Castro on November
21st 1963 an implausible denial we show
all the documents and all the records
all the conversations that took place
with the bill at one another
diplomats Abydos was a publisher look do
you agree that do you agree that they
felt that that he was selling out yeah
unscented these guys said it all would
mean the end not only of American power
in Vietnam but American power all over
the world no doubt about it that's what
the CIA was saying they said that
Kennedy was going to abolish the Central
Intelligence Agency it was probably
going to be at Kennedy dynasty of 16
years they expected John to be reelected
in 64 they expected Robert to be the
head of the new intelligence
organization and with that potential
maybe elected in 68 mmm
be reelected they saw the death of the
CIA and then impossible to now I cite
the the statements made by the high
officials of the CIA said the office had
become a tomb the corridors were tombs
people getting drunk in the afternoon of
the CIA they knew they were finished and
they fear the Kennedy dynasty a few
shots were fired that was the end of the
American power not only the CIA but
behold they were faint not only the CIA
going down but the American economic and
political system and its replacement by
a system that would be maybe closer to a
Soviet or a social system eventually
that would happen as you know that
whenever an empire withdraws from its
overseas possessions it becomes more
oppressive at home and they were fearful
that that that that the whole thing
would fall like a ball of wax it would
be like like when you take a string out
of a thing of yarn and you pull it the
whole thing comes out and they were and
it wasn't just the CIA but the whole
government and everybody who were aware
of what Kennedy was doing were afraid
that not only would they lose their
positions but they were afraid that the
whole country would go down I mean I
don't know I'm that's what I'd get out
of just reading about it that they were
fearful of the America the whole
American system going down well they
were they were concerned that there was
going to be a new realignment that John
Kennedy was going to have a
rapprochement with Fidel Castro that he
had said that he said to Fidel Castro
through his representative
forget the Monroe Doctrine you can
pursue socials in the Western Hemisphere
you can't export terror and revolution
you can't be an agent of the Soviet
Union but you can't pursue socialism in
your own country and we can I offer my
hand in friendship and support and of
course the people in the CIA and those
two who they reported would rather drop
a nuclear bomb on a vana than work out a
deal with Fidel Castro the same was true
of Vietnam and it's same was true of the
abolition of the CIA all of these things
were very very troubling to people in
the CIA and to those to whom they
reported and they resolved these
political questions with a few bullets
and as a matter of fact in plausible
denial Marklin makes a strong case from
the point of view of the intelligence
community of self acting in self-defense
as they would see it yes as they would
see it not what I call legitimate
self-defense claim but as they would see
it right
hello you're on the air
Oh money yeah that's good I was a wait
is over how you feel about the work of
me Brussels and a memory and concerning
not co-anchor I don't know Dave Emery I
know some of the work of may Brussels
but I haven't looked at that in a long
long time I think what we have to do is
not theorize but deal with the evidence
and the facts and the evidence is very
clear now that the CIA killed John F
Kennedy it's that it's not a question of
guessing anymore we have evidence which
has been submitted to a jury subjected
to cross-examination and we have a
jury's conclusion we have testimony and
I think that's the what we have to go
now do you mean the history of the CIA
what it is well I know who they are and
I know that the Nazis helped to set it
up as a matter of fact right would you
care to comment further on that
well yeah Richard it was Richard Galen
who was a Nazi who came to United States
just as Verner von Braun said of our
space program the Galen helped to set up
their intelligence organization and it's
it's operated as if it was an
intelligence organization working for a
totalitarian state rather than an
intelligence organization for a
Democratic Society but in terms of
specifically who they reported to this
is the next stage which hard evidence
cannot reveal at this time that's what
we need a special prosecutor for these
guys who were they well that's what we
have to find out who gave the orders
right no okay thank you okay okay well
if anybody wants to send you any
documentation mark lanes address in
Washington DC is Mark Lane 105 second
Street northeast
Washington DC - ooo - its 105 second
Street Northeast Washington DC - ooo -
you can expect to get a couple hundred
copies of the Torbett document I guess
we'll see yes well that'll be good I'll
be happy to look at it
I'd like to stay longer but it's 2
o'clock and I have my next engagement
that 6 o'clock in the morning that will
give me the longest night's sleep I've
had in the last two weeks but I don't
want to be falling asleep on the air so
I think we have to go now okay thank you
Mark Lane for staying up this time to
appear on Pacifica Radio I hope we
didn't treat you too bad everybody my
very very nice tonight I want to thank
everybody else gonna get me cigs out of
KPFK that way we're not going to follow
the example of our sibling stations
right the book is plausible denial 1991
and is published by thunders mouth press
New York now at this time number four on
the but are slipping everyone has to go
out and buy several books quickly it's
slipping off the New York Times list and
if you think you've heard pretty much
all of the major evidence in the Kennedy
assassination and you haven't read this
book you have some surprises coming
thank you very much to our engineer
Diane Schmidt and thank Steve Jaffe
thank you